Update README.md (#485)
plaid/plaid-node: README.md

For information about what has changed between versions and how to update your integration, head to the [API upgrade guide][api-upgrades].

> The plaid-node client library is typically updated on a weekly basis. The canonical source for the latest version is [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/plaid).
> 

Author: ```suggestion
The plaid-node client library is typically updated on a weekly basis. The canonical source for the latest version number is the [client library changelog](https://github.com/plaid/plaid-node/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

```
